As explained do you reflect the API has something to do with metaprogramming and a common task in metaprogramming
so in evaluating your code at runtime what we do find out which properties your object actually has
because you might want to change them but you don't know at the time you write your code because it's
very dynamic which properties you'll have.
But you do of course know it at runtime.
So you want to find out if.
Well in general which properties you have refl. has a method for dead.
It has its own keys Mefford does expects one argument which is the name of the object for which you
want to find out the keys.
If I now run this what do you think we'll see in the console
underscore name and age.
So it gives me all the properties set up in the constructor here.
Notice that it's not giving the name without the underscores is not the getter and setter but the keyword
properties set up in a constructor